what is up you guys and welcome to the
Taiwan show we're here at computex where
I spent about maybe two hours on the
show floor and Luke spent even
less probably about the same actually
really oh yeah high five good job yeah
uh we've got a lot of great topics for
you guys today uh starting of course
with Ikea apparently hiring digital
employees to work at the Roblox store
dude is the metaverse actually real
people wanted work from home I that they
did but did they want to work from
Roblox probably not in other news uh
Intel wants to fight arm while AMD
appeals TR to tradition but the big news
of course this year at computex is
Qualcomm and their Snapdragon X Plus and
Snapdragon X Elite processors I did get
to be handson with them which is pretty
exciting we're going to be talking about
that later what else we got today Luke
Nvidia is number two how dare you look I
don't always agree with them but you
can't call
them
that you prepped that you had that
prepared that was preemptive I don't
know how I feel about that um what else
I don't know overpriced maybe but you
can't say the quality is number two you
know like that right you have an Nvidia
graphics card in your computer we got
some number two in there um and we have
an update on the car thing stuff we talk
about that I guess yeah sure we'll talk
about Spotify car thing yeah oh how do
we roll the intro I I guess Dan does it
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by ag1
Squarespace and manscaped why don't we
jump straight into our headline topic
this week which is
that Ikea is launching the coworker game
a virtual experience inside Roblox whose
gameplay will apparently involve serving
meatballs and decorating showrooms what
um the game is open to anyone uh the
broader Roblox Community Gamers and Ikea
fans alike I do wonder how much you know
overlap there is between those groups um
and this is according to Ikea's press
statement Ikea is also hiring 10 people
for fully remote virtual roles in this
virtual Ikea Universe At a rate of
13.15 pound per hour which Ikea says is
aligned with the pay recommendations of
the living wage foundation for the city
of London I pretty much promise you that
nobody is living in London for
13.15 pounds per hour but that's a whole
separate conversation yeah the hiring
process will involve an interview hiring
questionnaire and the submission of a
resume and applicants from the UK and
Ireland must be at least 18 years old
wait so do you have to live in the UK or
Ireland I don't know probably not
if you're working for 13.15 pounds an
hour um you are probably not living many
places in the UK or why is there only
rules for there um I don't know maybe
they're willing to hire children as long
as they're not in the UK and Ireland I I
I legitimately don't
know weird
okay uh quote we are excited to be the
first brand to launch paid work on
Roblox to Showcase How We Do careers
differently bringing our unique careers
philosophy to life at Ikea there is no
set route to Career progression our
co-workers are able to change roles
switch departments and grow in any
direction they choose both in the game
or in the real world wow yeah to to
clarify paid players must be 18 plus and
in the UK or Republic of Ireland to
apply okay so you do have to be in the
UK and rep of Ireland so here's my
question for you when you were 18 yeah
would you apply for this what do you
even do you you hang you hang out like
you've got the Press you've got the
press release open yeah do you hang out
in in the in the store is it is it a
store like it's it seems to be like Ikea
employee simulator but but some of them
are paid yeah I don't know how you like
help customers and stuff when the game
is people being what you are isn't it I
don't know maybe you manag their shifts
Luke maybe you're not thinking metaverse
maybe you're like the the the the
dungeon master of this Ikea simulator
you like create events and stuff I have
no idea sure you could you could spawn
customers or I might apply for it but to
be completely honest uh at that time I
was I was seeking employment that paid
more than this even back then and there
was options for that well hold on hold
on 13.15 pounds what the what the devil
is that hold on 13.15
pounds to Canadian Dollars okay here we
go here we go okay that's 23 Canadian
dollars an hour I don't that's abut not
too bad yeah like when when I was that
age I was making well hold on a second
though because we got to convert so in
2003 I was making 16 Canadian dollars an
hour so inflation
calculator uh
sure I'll use a us 18
2003 uh
17 okay but that's when I was working
got it okay that's when I got my first
job out of high school and I was making
the same the year after so
2003 uh $16 an hour is what I was
making okay uh
2727 so I was I was
ahead all right but but In fairness
I had to get certifications in order to
do my job I was working as a lifeguard
and swimming lessons teacher so that was
probably a grand total of about
$1,500 in certifications not to mention
the unpaid time which is Out Of Reach
for some people right so so so I'm I'm
I'm paying to invest additional time in
in getting those certifications so you
know how many hours would I have had at
at $4 an hour hold on I don't even cover
my certification cost so divided by four
I don't even cover my certification cost
until I've worked hundreds of hours
right so so yeah realistically it's
maybe not that bad except that the
problem is that I've been I've been to
London um yeah and like I mean it's not
only London though yeah I I I just mean
my my point is just that it's not as
simple as your cost of living is just
like currency conversion right like
things just cost more over there to my
crappy Canadian currency even compared
to right like you can't just yeah you
can't just you can't just convert your
currency so the fact that they're making
you know 13 pounds or whatever it is an
hour if things just cost more because
they're pounds or something then it
doesn't really it doesn't really help
you so the math that we're doing is not
fully representative uh really what I
wanted to talk about is is more along
the lines of like would you have been
willing to work in a virtual store would
you have applied to work in a virtual
store oh yeah I mean I applied for
whatever at that age like I don't know
who
cares okay I'm gonna try this one more
time without just like no I definit
discriminately applying to everything
would this okay out of the 10 jobs you
apply to would this where would this
rank which one would you want uh I would
have probably wanted the one that I had
at the time at at that time Geek Squad
was a separate entity to Best Buy and it
was actually like super cool I
definitely would have preferred the job
that I had at that time over this but it
is definitely also something that I
would have considered I think out of the
out of the top 10 it would probably have
been like three or four it's not too bad
you can stay at home at that point in
time if you could have you know spent
less on gas it's actually like a really
big deal when you're when you're making
the a huge amount of income is you're
like how much money after your EXP
expenses you have and when you're making
a very low amount of money the amount of
money after expenses is really small so
if you can reduce those expenses like
maintenance on car gas stuff like that
it's actually super beneficial so L net
profit versus gross profit tips yeah
it's like it's a big deal yeah 100%
honestly not quite this job like I I I
don't really have any particular love
for Ikea I don't mean neither yeah I
don't think there's like a like an Ikea
passion that could be awakened me deal
with like small children scream about
their digital meatballs not being good
enough doesn't sound exactly
entertaining or you know whatever like I
don't even know exactly what this is
what the job is yeah I don't know but
with that said you know what job I would
have applied for if it existed yeah if
NC whose forums I would hang out on dude
for hours a day yeah if they had like
even if it even if it didn't have an
hourly raid if they just had like a
commission based you probably would have
kill you probably would have preferred
that over hourly rate I probably would
have
crushed it yeah if I could just hang out
in the NC virtual store and people could
just ask me for help configuring their
computer or whatever and you know all
they gave me all ncx would have had to
give me is like a you know like a you
know little name tag or whatever like
special recognition that my character
you know kind of worked at the store
maybe your the name above your head is
like a slightly different
color or whatever it is and honestly
they could have just cuz they they kind
of had s systems for the Forum already
anyway they were mostly just based on
like post count in those days
unfortunately always a great indicator
not always the best but they did also
have like a system for experts I think
the line lines of code version of for
contribution yeah yeah but man I I would
have I would have loved that I would
have gotten home from school and like
put on my my virtual you know tie and
buttonup shirt and I would have gone and
sold computers man
I would been so I feel like that that
might have almost been a a problem for
you you spent like too much time doing
it maybe but if I was making money like
is that really that then I could buy
more computers yeah win-win I feel like
that is what the lus of that time would
have done oh 100% yeah 100% And I could
be like only like half tuned into that
at the time right I could be like half
tuned into that and then I could be like
half tuned into you know my other forums
like my red FL deals for him whe and
de if only you know monitors didn't
weigh 50 pounds back then then I could
have just had like I could have got some
online poker going on up here get some
like uh like day trading you know Forex
right here and like yeah man I'm I'm
failing to see is this a full-time
position or not I I think this feels
intentionally vague and nebulous to me
yeah it feels like they just want people
like us to talk about it to be honest
it's only 10 positions if they were
doing like actual real work I suspect
the amount of people especially the
beginning that flood this game if you
just call the metaverse not actual real
work I wish I had my swear button I wish
I had my bleep button so I could tell
you what a what a guy what a guy you're
being yeah yeah what a number two you're
behaving like okay that is real work
they're doing real work just because
they're sitting with their Cheetos and
their Mountain Dew in their digital
meatballs and their digital
meatballs man my digital meatballs are
cooking right now yeah I got a computer
and a pillow on my lap and we are in
Taiwan heat because we liked the vibe of
this little outdoor meeting area we
could have been inside where the air
conditioning is but we love you guys so
much we wanted you to we wanted you to
share in the outdoors of Taiwan with
uh what do you want to talk about
next uh okay let's
see Intel wants to fight arm let's do it
at computex Intel gave a deeper look
into its upcoming lunar Lake
architecture the company is claiming
Improvement across the board though with
heavy emphasis on efficiency and battery
life a 38% to 68% increase in
instructions per clock for eor compared
to a 14% increase for peor Intel is also
claiming a 50% performance gain for its
integrated Graphics which will be using
low a low powered variant of Intel's xe2
battle major yeah battle M battle mage
just kind of snuck up on me here I don't
know why but I was kind of expecting it
to come as a discret GPU first and then
here it is Boom onboard Graphics battle
mage is here let's go um I heard some
folks got Hands-On with it at some point
maybe somewhere and
uh running pretty good because this is
pretty abnormal usually you'd have the
discret GPU launch first I wonder if
this will help drivers
though I hope so help drivers for the
discreet GPU people yeah no no I see
what you mean where like if in because
because Intel is shipping apparently a
negligible number of discret Arc gpus
according to the the latest market share
Trends which have Invidia almost 90% now
wild hey but uh Intel is apparently
negligible um and so when you're
shipping a negligible number of boards I
imagine that the the the incentive to
prioritize development of it even though
to Intel's credit they have really
chipped away at ARC Alchemist and tried
to make it as as working as as it could
be um but when you're shipping not that
many compared to when all of a sudden
this product that is like a Do or Die
product for you lunar lake is going up
against not just AMD but now Qualcomm
Snapdragon X um full disclosure by the
way guys not that it actually matters
for Wow we'll be saying whatever we damn
well please uh but Qualcomm did sponsor
a video um on Snapdragon X while we were
here which is part of why we were able
to poke and prod at it a lot um we got
cool yeah man I love it it's very
interesting I love it when we get a
sponsorship that comes with like extra
access to the product anyways and almost
no strings attached yeah when we went
through the script uh they were like can
we change that word and I changed it I
did my trick I changed it to something
worse like oh never mind and they were
like never
mind um they they changed like one word
and then like Andy we shot we shot like
a pick up yeah we shot a pickup because
we actually made too strong of a
statement about the competition oh and
they were like they wanted it to be
pulled back they wanted it to be dialed
back interesting um so just yeah so just
is this out already no it's not it's not
out yet um but anyway Intel this is a Do
or Die product for Intel right where
they are going to be they're going to be
going up not just against AMD who has
been kicking their butt a little right
because I mean AMD had like man their
first generation that was super
competitive that would have
been mobile 3000 4 I I I forget I can't
keep track now that the Zen generation
doesn't line up with the product
generation and the mobile and the
desktop generation line it's verying but
the point is they had one that was
really competive and it was in like a
handful ofices that functionally weren't
even really available is that 5,000
doesn't matter the point is they weren't
they they were competitive on paper but
they didn't exist right and then over
the last couple of generations they
exist and they're in some really good
designs now like I'm I'm holding an AMD
laptop that I freaking love this is
framework disclosure I guess this is the
flow x13 from isus I flipping love this
thing it's got an eight core ryzen 7000
series processor it's got an RTX 470 in
it albeit a lower TDP one obviously it's
real thin real small yeah I mean it gets
hot enough to uh yeah she's she's
cooking right because we're uh we're
using RTX broadcast for for noise
cancellation and um it's not like the
ambient is low here and I think oh yeah
no I also have my capture card running
so I've got I've got video capture
running through it um absolutely
freaking love this machine but AMD
doesn't have the kind of like Fab
capacity to ship enough laptop chips
that Intel has to really worry about you
know just outright
losing wcom on the other hand on the
other hand wcom on the other hando Fab
capabilities dude I can't believe how
many design WIS these chips are in like
when you compare this to amd's first
generation of competitive CPUs where it
was like you could tell from the designs
that
like the vendors didn't want to make
Intel to met you know not because
there's a back room deal necessarily not
because Intel is you know back to their
tricks of you know paying people to not
use AMD necessarily I mean who knows
something could emerge you know 5 years
from now or whatever I I don't I don't
know either way but what I'm saying is
that's not the vibe I got the vibe that
I got was yeah the AMD chip is in the
slightly more worser one because
realistically they know they can't get
enough allocation to switch over a
significant volume to this thing so
they're just kind of putting it in some
Niche devices knowing that that's all
they can ship anyway and the bulk of
this generation's going to be in like
you can you can tell when that happen
right it ain't happening oh boy dude
these Qualcomm
designs are sick and I don't mean that
Qualcomm designed them sorry I mean like
like the Dell XPS with bcom Snapdragon
in it like the laptop itself sick yeah
it's sick the surface the new
Surface you think this is a decent am
pressure from Microsoft CA dude the
camera in the surface
it's sick honestly in our video I don't
think we have the most favorable demo of
how much better the camera quality can
be it's like a little better are you on
the floor or something yeah but we're in
like we're in like a demo room and the
lighting really really sucks to the
point where kind of anything looks bad
but under slightly better lighting
conditions when we were in the meeting
room
before that's that's interesting because
laptop webcams are kind of notoriously
terrible yeah so we go through this in
the video because uh very few people are
talking about the the camera image
quality benefit of Snapdragon a Windows
on Snapdragon um everyone's talking
about you know qualcomm's talking points
right which is performance Ai and
battery life so this this like computer
enhanced video well no what it is is
that almost all laptop webcams have the
ISP on the
webcam but on Snap SN Dragon the ISP is
on die and it's linked using um shoot
what's I I forget what the I forget what
the link is but instead of using USB it
uses the same interface as your
smartphone oh man so they have plug
andplay compatibility for the same
camera modules wild from the smartphone
industry and they have all those years
of experience building ISP so much more
work goes into that like for smartphones
disgustingly more work
dude dude the new surfaces webcam you
can just throw away your add-on webcam
just Huck it because yeah because it's
built in because it's pretty annoying
using that very cool like dude I'm I'm
I'm I'm pretty stoked I I've heard rumor
genuine rumor I don't know if there's
articles about this whatever this is
Word of Mouth rumor that a decent amount
of this pressure to make the laptops
really sick for for this generation
laptops is from
Microsoft
really oh that that makes sense I think
that they've been it's funny because
again total rumor I don't know I was
looking at the market share that Apple
has gained since the launch of Apple
silicon and it's not as much at least
according to the source that I was
looking at it's quite possible that a
company like Microsoft I've heard the
same thing who's going to be paying a
lot of money per year you know for for
market research or whatever it's
possible they have numbers that I don't
but I from what I can tell it hasn't
really made a meaningful difference and
that actually kind of jives with Apple's
Behavior where it's like yeah I don't
know we'll like we'll do a we'll do an
update to this one I guess uh M4 I don't
know yeah we'll put it in a Macbook at
some point iPad right like like it kind
of drives with Apple's Behavior whereas
like man when M1 came out M2 refresh
we're like we're on a Cadence like we're
going we're going here come all the
models we got the studio we got the we
got the big one we got but they're not
converting more users yeah but if
they're not converting more users it's
like apple just goes through this cycle
where they're like oh yeah yeah we're
gonna do Mac again we're gonna like kill
it we're not we're focused on Mac again
yeah sorry we forgot never mind right
like they did it with the trash can they
did it with the first generation cheese
grader or the new generation cheese
grader on Intel uh they did it with the
St like Max studio is that is that still
M2 yeah oh probably yeah Max studio is
still M2
family that's Apple stuff man I I was
I've been trying to figure this out I
suspect it's because of um whatever it's
called
replay oh yeah yeah yeah co-pilot plus
PCS thing I think that's why they're
pushing I mean yeah maybe it's less to
do with Apple's threat and it's more to
do with just good Lord give people a
reason to upgrade their damn computers
yeah I could see that um anyway coming
back to the fight that Intel's in with
lunar Lake um they cannot afford for
these battle mage drivers to suck and
that gives me a lot of Hope actually for
the for the for the battle mage discreet
cards now I'm not expecting them to be
competing with a 5090 or whatever I
don't think that's realistic but what I
amange cards what I am hoping to expect
is a real competitor for the 5060 100%
because I am I am just sick of Nvidia
being like yeah I don't know we'll just
have the most basest thing that would
have been a 50 class card a generation
or two ago we're going to call it a 60
class card it's going to be up to you
know what is the 4060 max out at for the
ti like $500 or $600 or something like
that what's a 4060 TI worth I think the
price is actually come down a little
bit uh oh my God how why is it so hard
to just find a thing it's 400 bucks for
an8 Gig 8 gig 4060 TI like come on yeah
that's lame so if I can get something
Arc battle mage with a decent frame
buffer with good drivers I'm excited for
that oh yeah me too um I don't know I
don't know if I'm 100% confident it's
GNA be battle mage or if it might be the
one after Celestial yeah
but I hope it's b anyway moving on uh
Intel lunar lake so the this is this is
crazy too so we talked a little bit
about how much performance gain they're
expecting both on CPU and GPU to try and
take the fight to both AMD and
especially gual on this gen um and you
got to kind of wonder how much of that
is because this is the first generation
because because the first generation of
these lunar Lake chips are are going to
be primarily manufactured by
tsmc Intel says they made this decision
because tsmc's fabrication processes
were simply more advanced at the time
they were designing the
chip what a slice of Humble Pie that's
pretty wild the fact that it's not
something Intel would normally say no
true or not like I I've said this before
Intel's Intel stock has gone down quite
a lot since I said that if I was buying
I would be buying long Intel yeah this
actually doesn't change what I said
because that kind of attit investment
advice not investment advice and I
haven't bought any because I I don't
allow myself to to just like trade tech
stocks like that uh I do I do own some
stake in framework laptops as you guys
know from the series of videos that
we've done on it and I do have a small
investment in a in a it's hard to even
call them a startup they're very small
uh in a startup that is trying to work
on a Nas operating system that makes
things simpler um but that's that's it I
don't let myself just kind of play the
market um but I like this humility yeah
I like this willingness to make the best
product even if it's like even if it's
not all real men have Fabs you know like
like Jerry Sanders that that's a that's
a quote okay that's that's a that's like
a toxic masculine
Jerry
Sanders who I believe was amd's
found
[Music]
uh second or third Jerry Sanders yeah
yeah he's he's the third Jerry Sanders
there you go I really hope he's related
to the colonel
somehow thanks for that stranger things
have happened good
contribution um anyway they went with
the Rival Foundry rather than compromis
on the design of the chip uh but next
year Panther Lake will be largely
fabricated by Intel's own Foundry
they've been trying to kind of say okay
forget it let's just instead of going
incrementally we're going to try to Leap
Frog and on stage they did show off
their
1.8a process they showed off I think it
was a it was either a wafer or a die I
can't remember but they were showing
something on stage saying they have
power on on it so uh who knows maybe
Panther Lake's going to be good things
are starting to move fast meanwhile at
AMD they have confirmed their stupid AI
300 series naming scheme for the new
mobile chips which are Zen 5 which is
not stupid uh the fact that we're
getting Zen 5 like right away here on
both mobile and desktop means that AMD
is also probably getting a lot more a
lot more Fab capacity right now uh
because yeah they also announced Zen 5
epic chips so they must have they must
have booked some Wafers uh they are
claiming a 30% performance advantage
over Intel's current gen Flagship chip
though they did not include frame rates
or percentile Frame data unlike Intel
AMD will be retaining uh smt or um their
version of hyperthreading and seem to be
aiming for Pure Performance rather than
efficiency now that's something I've
seen a lot like I've seen people talk
about that a lot but I guess my counter
to that is um AMD already had the
efficiency pretty good compared to Intel
so if I was them talking about my next
Generation chips maybe less of my
messaging would be about efficiency but
that doesn't necessarily mean that I'm
expecting ryzen AI 300 series not to be
inefficient I mean I think anything's
going to look kind of bad compared to
Snapdragon x uh okay so in the video
spoiler Alex holds up two HP laptops his
um HP Elite dragonfly or whatever ever
it's called his his dragonfly daily
driver that he chose because of its
outstanding battery light like it's one
of the best Windows laptops for battery
life and hp's Snapdragon X
design according to hp's own ratings
which Alex has found to be pretty honest
in the
past it was something
like a 10hour difference it was like 8
to 10 hours difference this is another
reason why I feel like Microsoft might
be pushing no no no no I'm not done yet
okay and the um and the the Snapdragon
one had I think a 15% smaller physical
battery oh oh yeah wow yeah like it's
like this this is this has been the
Fairly notorious thing that gets thrown
at Windows laptops is that their battery
life is atrocious compared to Mac yep so
if like this is another one of the
solutions to those things like yeah
there isn't a huge amount of market
share for Microsoft to claim back from
Apple but might be tired of being like
the butt of jokes when it comes to
laptops like Windows laptops are are are
just considered basically inferior they
should fix Windows modern standby then
that'd be nice just an idea Microsoft
while you're while you're at this push
which I totally support I'm super down
to have better battery life right like I
wonder if it'll be better on different
ships it could be I don't know I mean I
hope so because realistically I'm not
going to be switching to a Mac anytime
soon so I am I am fully in support of
Windows laptops getting better now I
want to make this really clear guys the
the performance embargo for independent
testing is not lifted yeah so these
battery life claims I mean they could be
nonsense I think
that I doubt it you know like the do is
saying that the claims that they make
are are decently consistently Accura is
yep that that's on the HP side right
you've got all these partners that are
staking their reput
on similar claims on similar claims
you've got and and what I'll say is that
the uh the vibe from
Qualcomm there's very confident that
that's that's an interesting it's always
kind of a tell you mentioned that they
sponsored Y and that they were very not
controlling of the messaging that
combination is almost always like oh
this is good yeah cuz when they sponsor
and they're like we need to control
everything you say and then we don't
work with that partner because that
doesn't work but when that situation
happens it's almost always because they
like don't have anything yeah whereas
when they're like yeah we just want
everybody to know say whatever you want
just literally their their their their
points they gave me were such it's such
a power move can you talk about
performance can you talk about the npu
so like the on chip AI co-pilot
obviously and uh battery life and I'm
like like yeah I mean how could I
possibly those are the things that we
would talk about how could I possibly
talk about this product without talking
about those things anyway and dude the
demo room was crazy because they have
like Da Vinci resolve running in there
no but like they've got balers Gate 3
running in there oh damn they've got
like they had um uh what's uh that used
to be owned by Sony it's now own by
someone else it's decently common that
these demos will will softball the
applications that are running which is
why he's pointing me so well and that
and because it's not x86 yeah like this
is this is Windows on arm things that
were not made for this yeah I I don't
think laran like made a a version of the
game for Snapdragon chips not that I'm
aware yeah yeah so so dude oh also they
were absolute characters I have no
screen share right now so you guys are
going to have to wait to experience this
but I did a bit where um I where I I
walk into the meeting um
and here I'll I'll try I'll try I'll try
and kind of narrate along um when I
walked into my briefing on Snapdragon
processor with Qualcomm I did what I
always do and plugged in my
laptop and then we have them like that's
actually pretty funny mock me for
plugging in my laptop and then they like
they coax me back into the meeting room
with a Snapdragon laptop and a
sponsorship uh that's pretty good so
they were they were absolute like total
totally fun uh yeah had a lot of fun
working with them we've
actually I think attempted to work with
paulc once oh sorry someone just pointed
out pa Gate 3 is already available on
Mac OS so it's arm oh okay that's good
to know but I do believe there's like
compatibility layers for tons of
different games and stuff yes not not
everything but a lot of things um and
and they they had uh what What's it
called Sony Sony used to own it that uh
that video editing Suite thank you
imperi Vegas Vegas Vegas they had Vegas
running um man they they had they had so
much stuff running Premier doesn't work
is that correct uh I would be very
surprised if Premier Premiere barely
works on Windows
x86 no seriously you know that you know
that our away teams bring
Max they don't bring Windows laptops
anymore
because Premiere is so much more stable
on mag which I don't think is anything
to do with arm um I think it's just to
do
with just Windows versus Mac OS that's
wild
um yeah
sorry uh an interesting thing too you
you had a narrative here of people
trying to push for more Fab capacity
yeah um obviously this is somewhat
always of a thing but it's been more of
a convers lately a huge amount of
conversation both on the floor for the
limited time that I was there and off
the floor with a variety of people at
the show has been data centers building
new data centers uh increasing how much
you're harnessing current data centers
data centers trying to get out low-level
clients because there's high level
clients offering three times the rate on
things like do you remember do you
remember that data center zone property
that I showed you like 5 years ago oh
dude and I was like LOL you should like
do float plane data center you would
have been
balling well oh
well and it was really small like the
overhead of running a tiny data center I
think would be super weird because like
as far as my understanding goes scale is
pretty helpful yeah because you're going
to have to have the security anyway
you're GNA have to have the
administrative staff anyway you can't
just have like a you know few thousand
square foot data center um but yeah yeah
no dice no
dice
um oh yeah and back then like when when
even when even was that that was during
the like
2017 crypto boom yeah 100% uh someone's
like it would have been crypto don't lie
no 100% the tenants would have been
mining 100% but I was also when I was
talking to Luke about it I mean we had
already been kicking around um uh
lmg VPN oh yeah yeah we already had
float plane going so it was one of those
things where like kind of like we do
we'd be spinning up a thing to be our
own biggest
customer um and I don't know might have
worked out but realistically I don't
think I don't think that cash would have
been that well invested there compared
to some of the other things we did just
like throwing lmg and all of that stuff
A lot of people are posting a lot of
things about the data center stuff
someone someone mentioned data centers
use a lot of power yeah yeah that's
going to be a huge problem if you paid
attention to some of the announcements
that happened at this show uh wattage
per like device in a data center is
erupting dude the new Blackwell GPU yeah
okay so I'm just talking the one GPU
which is two uh b00 dies okay so a b200
GPU is two B100 dies and uh oh God I
think it is it is it 12 hbm Stacks or 8
hbm Stacks I forget two B100 dies and
some hbm Stacks Nvidia is calling that
one GPU so they are they're doing
they're doing multi multi- diey GPU kind
of like we saw on Apple's Ultra SKS I
hope that it works a little better than
it does on apples Ultra skes I don't
know if you if you remember this but we
did a video on um Apple's tools to help
developers Port b games over to Mac OS
and performance sucked and a lot of the
Apple Community was extremely angry at
us for testing on on on Ultra because it
has problems and I'm
like okay well I didn't I didn't know
that yeah I I thought I was I thought I
was putting Apple in the best position
possible and also if you're mad about
this be mad at Apple not at me I didn't
I didn't make their interconnects
between their between their two like
core designs their their two Maxes I
didn't make that I I didn't make it not
work properly anyway hopefully nvidia's
interconnect Works a little better than
Apple's but this this b200 should
present as a single GPU but I'm not done
yet a
b200 is a thousand
Watts one b200 but I'm not done yet okay
because a b200 is part of a Grace
Blackwell super chip that operates as a
single like like chip or whatever where
you've got two b200 gpus and then a
Grace CPU on it okay and that like some
some amount of resentment in the like
whatever and that is
2700 Watts oh yeah because we got two
Blackwells and a Grace okay but I'm not
done yet
because because each compute node
contains two Super
Chips in a one you I think Jake was
saying something about how some of the
partner designs are going to be an ever
so slightly thicker one you in order to
get all the cooling in there like
they're water cooled but like I think
they're creating like a one U Plus or
something don't quote me on that but
Jake was talking to me about it he's
usually yeah he's usually pretty
credible about that sort of thing but
yeah but essentially a oneu what does
that work out to math honestly so I
forgot 5400
Watts wattage density and data centers
is is going to explode a apparently it's
an issue where like some you know fairly
established companies that run Big Data
are basically tapped for how much power
they can get into their data centers so
that's another thing with the whole data
center game right now is like new data
centers are coming up in places where
they can harness just absurd amounts of
power yeah Microsoft's going to end up
way ahead of the game with their like
underwater data centers yeah we're just
going to have like a title data center
okay title powered like no but the whole
thing so like the whole data center is
under the water for cooling yeah and
then like basically the tide comes in
and then like the wall of the data
center comes up and it's like a
temporary Dam and then it just runs the
seawat back through the thing for
cooling and power and then rinse and
repeat yeah we got this yeah they're
going to take up like the entire post of
freaking like Alaska with data centers
or something like for real though like
no but also they're gon to have to do
something it's it's going to be crazy
yeah so here someone did the math in
float plane chat this is crazy uh 6,000
watts in a u of Rackspace would be over
a quarter of a million watts per
rack that I mean it would it would melt
we starting to talk numbers that are
just like
absolutely stupid numbers yeah um like
multiply that by a data center dude my
dude my my tiny data center in uh in
White Rock or whatever it could have had
one rack of Grace Blackwells in it in an
empty room yeah like yeah I don't even
think we could have gotten that much
power in
there oh yeah I doubt it like here I
doubt it how much okay how much do you
know how much power we have locations
right now as far as my understanding are
being chosen by the proximity to nuclear
power
plants specifically nuclear power plants
that is
hilarious uh and there's conversations
going on about like um being concerned
that some Nations aren't going to be
building additional nuclear power plants
fast enough to power all the data
centers that are going to be dring out
that's an actual conversation our power
to the lab which is a 20,000 foot
industrial building
that was formerly used by um steel
fabrication or yeah some kind of uh some
kind of steel fabricator yeah um has
about
200,000 Watts coming into it and that
was like a
lot that's industrial you know yeah so I
could power not even an entire rack of
Grace Blackwells so it would just be an
entirely empty shell imagine the lab
with one super dystopian is just like in
the middle of the whole thing one
cabinet all these cables running sitting
in the middle of
it that's it that would be wild
hilarious just like venting all the heat
out the roof or something like that like
you could sit over it and like cook cook
your
food it's crazy dude it's freaking crazy
yeah data centers and power are going to
be a huge thing and if you are someone
who is sag about the general power usage
that we have going on right now
um it's definitely not getting
better with that said uh AJ just said
that the Badminton Center has more power
than the
lab I didn't know that that actually
makes a lot of sense um the Badminton
Center is 40,000 square feet right okay
it's it's two 20,000 foot units so it
probably has cons considerably more
power than the lab are you thinking what
I'm thinking yeah binton data center
here we go that we use not for logical
things but for but for analyzing
gameplay dude I saw some demos at Nvidia
that probably skewed the entire attitude
of my coverage toward them this year oh
okay because like I know a lot of gam I
know a lot of gamers are super mad at
Nvidia right now and like rightly so
because nvidia's apathy towards Gamers
has been apparent for quite some time
care at all they didn't mention the
keynote at all they I don't know yeah I
didn't watch it but dude um they had uh
they had one of their uh Jetson like
like Edge Computing devices um it's like
a a new generation Jetson thing and uh
they had it running this like stereo uh
camera capture magig and on this data
set that was trained on Blackwell or
whatever and basically the demo was
realtime
wireframing so like stuff that we want
to do exactly what I want to do at the
Badminton Center for like it's pretty
useful stroke and movement analysis and
stuff like to so one of the dreams that
I have is every Court having basically
that except trained on a data set of
badminton play so that you could like
gamify your your game your your your
game play so it could tell you like oh
against this opponent you hit a lot of
smashes but their smash defense was
actually really good and you scored most
of your winners with your drop shot um
you you did a drop shot 15% of the time
maybe try doing it slightly more often
like oh that's dude oh so cool and okay
they had some really cool gaming demos
running too and so like nothing I said
was not true but when I walked in the
door little hyped up and I saw I was
just I was a little excited I was a
little excited okay yeah yeah I I I even
think things like uh this might not be
as interesting to you but I think would'
be pretty cool is like um endurance
evaluation like having it noticed like
okay once you're like 15 minutes into a
game your your form on like this
movement starts to falter yeah like
that's really dude you could use it for
all kinds of stuff yeah yeah yeah so
cool it's pretty sweet yeah yeah um
obviously I'm going to need a
small loan of a million dollars for you
know some Grace Blackwell yeah but
that's that's like if you end up waiting
you know a little longer and then it
becomes the old Tech then it'll be a
little bit more affordable yeah maybe
and I might have put
uh I think about 10,000 watts of cooling
and power into the uh data room at the
Badminton Center just in case we'll get
her done just in case um
and like
realistically
um realistically like you wouldn't you
wouldn't have to do the training on site
like you would probably lease time to do
that anyway like I don't think you would
at the scale we'd be operating at I
don't think we would be doing our own
data set training anyhow so as long as
we have enough Edge Computing should be
fine yeah yeah we had conversations
about like it might be wise to wait um
to do that for for a variety of reasons
but you know the tech not being 100%
there was one of them um and I think
this just very the Tech's getting pretty
there yeah pretty fast but it also like
oddly specifically validated that
thought it's like maybe you should wait
for it then it's just like shown to you
at a convention like I wouldn't have
expected to see that at video Booth dude
and like it was so good they had um they
had some 3D models rigged and they were
showing like just live movement to
rigged 3D model like that's cool it's
not perfect obviously but like it's a
lot stuff there's a lot of stuff you're
gonna have to deal with at something
like a public Bonton Center like
um dude what happens if like someone
else walks on the court like Weir weird
weird things that you'd have to deal
with for like actually running it in
production but our privacy policy from
day one is going to be we're filming the
inside of this facility like it or lump
it I'm sorry yeah yeah and you know what
we're not going to we're we we take
privacy extremely seriously we're not
going to misuse that data we're not
going to sell it um but we're we're
absolutely going to use it for would you
potentially sell it to users of the
facility sell it to the oh oh like the
gameplay analysis yeah okay then CU like
technically that's not selling the data
that's selling what we d rived from it
but we would be monetizing what what if
you let people buy
like I don't know replays of their games
or
something uh well that's that's not the
data we're collecting but that would be
like C yeah but then you're buying your
own replay but other people could be in
the video yes this is true even someone
walking by the court so we'll just have
to make sure that our P privacy policy
does account for that I I think there's
got to be a way to make a distinction I
don't know not I don't know legal stuff
but I feel like there's got to be some
way to make a distinction between like
we will be you know potentially
Distributing whether we're selling or
not uh Clips to users of facility of
their of their own gameplay and you
might end up in it versus we're going to
mass sell everything we have there's got
to be a way to no I'm I'm sure we can
handle that um and realistically because
of the way the facilities laid out uh
each Court will have its own camera and
yeah you'll like be able to see the
other the one behind it
but they'll be pretty far away oh oh I
see what you mean yeah yeah because
it'll be at kind of like a 45 angle is
there a no but well you'll see the one
next to it oh I see what you mean
yes gonna be
sick are you guys ready
foris oh yeah Dan we have no idea what
we're supposed to be doing so you feel
fre where are the cards
Dan there they got lost in transit do do
it
all right let's see here Luke how is
Final Fantasy 6 coming
along yeah Luke man you
suck my plan is to uh play it on the
flight back sure I brought the
controller sure I finally tried cuphead
yeah it's all right yeah it's all right
yeah yeah I play co though I played the
first like third of it according to the
percentage I think I'm good I think I
get it that sounds about right to me to
be honest I played probably somewhere
the the the art style super cool yeah um
I think it was worth it like it wasn't a
full price game yeah no yeah seemed I
was I was happy with the purchase
finally tried it um are you still are
you still at like what what what no I'm
a little bit past there where where are
you in the game now uh you pass Zozo
yeah okay so have you done the opera
house yet I don't think so oh okay I
think I like just got through zoza
okay man you are uh you're slow I'm slow
yeah like you're a slow boy I I intended
to play I think I probably gain more
than you know sad well I don't if youc
if you include Pokemon Go Walks probably
not um no I don't think I do oh well
that's not a real game you filthy casual
that's fair no no I'm it's kind I I I am
I'm being int strongly opinionated I'm
being intentionally toxic I saw I saw a
post on the Pokemon go subreddit where
someone was asking like yeah should I
buy this like apartment or something by
this apartment and it showed the stops
and gyms that were around the apartment
and there was comments like if that gym
is in range of like the couch then like
hell yeah man and like I I I do
not Pokemon go is a bad
game I I think I can say that honestly
like fairly objectively it's not it's
not a good game it's great at making
going out for a walk fun go outside
please it's so I feel so separate from
the Pokemon go Community because there's
constantly stuff like that people are
mad that they can't remote raid more
which is like being able to raid from
your couch instead of going out and
doing it people are understand the
accessibility argument yes but a lot of
those people that's not the argument for
the vast majority of people if that is
the argument for you heck yeah sorry you
can only do it so many times a day but
that's also like really expensive so I
don't know oh boy um cool hit me Dan oh
wait do we need to explain merch
messages yeah right merch messages are
the way to interact with the show
they're going to be going to producer
Dan who I don't have a button to show
him but maybe he does wave to the people
Dan maybe I don't know can't monitor the
stream stop it lonus yeah there you
go stop it lonus okay I am stopped
anyway merch messages are the way to
interact with the show don't leave a
super chat or a twitch bit or whatever
uh leave a leave a merch message all you
got to do is go to LT store.com and in
the cart once you've added some items
loaded up with some super awesome stuff
from LTT store you will see a little box
to leave a merch message uh that will go
to Dan who will forward it to the
appropriate person pop it up along the
bottom of the screen for everyone here
to enjoy uh who might reply to it
himself or he might curate it for me and
to read um we've got some cool stuff
over on the store hey look at that we
are speaking of we were just talking
about
um hold on let me see if I can where do
I even find this stuff hey there they
are oh wait I can't screen share anyway
um we're relaunching our keyboard pins
so they are available in a variety of
different colors
including oo
oh we've got that one okay that our RGB
color is sick uh We've also got rainbow
and gold and purple yellow and white and
pink blue and purple and blue pink and
yellow and blue pink and white and
purple gray and white all these cool
color schemes and they are free in the
bonus bin with your purchase in any
color and representation you love like
let's freaking go also uh if you missed
out on the Scribe driver last week so
that's our fail pen made out of uh
failed screwdriver shafts we are working
on a restock so you can sign up for a
notification on the site make sure you
guys do that uh Dan if you want to show
them where the notify button is um
that's going to be a good way to ensure
that you get one guys we don't mess
around when we say hey something's
selling really fast you should get it
we're not doing like awful fomo sales
tactics
we're informing you that something is
selling really fast and if you would
like to get one then now is the time to
get it yeah like I I have an unfortunate
situation where I actually wanted to I I
can say this because he's he's not
getting them um but I wanted to get the
Scribe driver for like gifts for things
like Father's Day yeah it's gone well
you should have moved faster I should
have I mean I did warn you you did
personally in yeah live I really did
warn you that they were running out and
I was like oh by the way we missed a
huge opportunity
what I saw this on Reddit I think it was
it should have been called the write
off oh so many so many layers of
meaning wow yeah it sucks you made like
a pencil version or something it's not
as good yeah would need to be B because
it because because it was the shafts
yeah it was the right off oh man see see
how well it works
oh huge Miss yikes huge huge L it's it
sucks when those things happen I know CU
like the Scribe driver is a an
interesting name yep it's fine it's fine
but it isn't the right
off um also in other store news we
finally have the oh man
uh oh are Cable Management products
under other where are
they um gear this is a problem tools
where is it I thought it was under tools
are they not under Tools we have too
many oh we have a whole top level
category for cable management okay well
there's the problem um okay anyway the
cable tie holders are back in stock we
must have air shipped in some cable tie
holders so we finally have all of our uh
magnetic Cable Management products in
stock the reviews are in they're
freaking awesome which we already knew
but hey now you guys have it
independently verified they're all four
and a half or pure five stars uh screw
drive reviews are in now as well people
in the comments are saying they got it
flipping loving it the people who are
calling it overpriced merch are getting
obliterated get smashed
obliterated I it's actually been very
satisfying to see how destroyed they're
getting it's like dude look I'm sorry
that you buy all of your t-shirts and
underwear at
Walmart I'm sorry for that some times it
can be nice to have one that's a little
nicer and I'm not going to apologize for
our stuff being I will even say the big
Crystal pens are super
based but if you want like a nice pen
$30 is a really good price yeah there's
there's different like this isn't trying
to compete with a big Crystal deal with
it and that's okay deal with it yeah um
like even like the $20
t-shirts $20 t-shirts are pretty cheap
deal with it yeah actually there's
pressure on me to increase the price of
the t-shirts I'm not surprised yeah we
haven't touched them since I know I've
mentioned this like a bunch of times
because it seems crazy to me yeah our
costs have definitely gone up Point yeah
we absorbed it for a long time but at
some point uh t-shirt prices are
probably going to go up a little bit
probably makes sense I don't I don't
know of of any other creators that have
pricing around there and
not not to throw too much shade but a
lot of them are on bad yeah length we
take a lot of flak for the pricing on
our store that is
just stupid honestly like we have it it
was Notorious for a long time I think it
has gotten better with Creator merch in
general I think Creator merch General is
better now than it was like five years
ago maybe there's some stuff that's
still pretty garbage we secret shopped
someone else's water bottle in the tech
space a little while ago and it was
terrible I'm not surprised like I
couldn't believe how bad it was but it's
it's pretty common to get the cheapest
POS and like they're not necessarily
doing this consciously they're working
through another uh place that is
actually like manufacturing the shirts
for them um and that company that
they're working with is providing the
cheapest possible blanks just like feel
terrible the printing's really bad stuff
like that um sometimes it's not even
their fault yeah uh we ran into that a
number of times where um our we would
get good samp just bait and switchy with
samples yeah 100% that was that was why
we started to create a warehouse because
we were so tired of that yeah we
couldn't control the quality of our own
merch I think that other creator that we
secret shopped is like an investor in
that merch company I think that's
probably the only reason they used them
because trig in floatplane chat just
said the scri driver pen is literally
one of the lowest price highquality bolt
action pens on the market yeah and it's
not it's it's it is not competing and
you know what some of our stuff is
really expensive
that's true but I talked about this I
talked about this in my video on the um
on Playstation portal it's expensive for
what it does and if that doesn't have a
value to you that's totally okay don't
get it you can just totally not buy it
and that is totally an option but what
it isn't is
overpriced because like I broke it down
and people were so mad about this which
was bizarre to me like I broke down what
the retail price for all of those
components would be and I'm like yo Sony
isn't taking any more profit on this
than they are already on their
controller or then you know sellers on
eBay are on batteries and and screens
this size and resolution and and you can
be mad that it's locked down you know
that it's not hackable or you can be mad
that it's an accessory for and that
might make it a nogo for you yeah 100%
yeah but what you can't say is that it
is overpriced because because that's
just what that costs it's like if you
were to buy a it's like if you were to
buy a gold iPhone case and it was
$30,000 because it contains
$25,000 worth of gold and like you know
50 to 60 hours of of Craftsman
time well that's not overpriced you just
bought something a little crazy yeah
it's expensive yeah it's not overpriced
and that's a distinction that I would
like to that I'd like to kind of drive
through more in in in our future videos
like I don't know I um some something
that I'm a little sort of disconnected
from I think the rest of the tech media
on is the is the the state of the GPU
Market I'm I'm mad about it that they're
really expensive but what people I think
are not
fully um under understanding is the
forces at play I mean there are
egregious examples I talked earlier on
this show about nvidia's 460 series
there's not enough RAM on the 4060 at
that price it should have more vram
Nvidia is absolutely taking that margin
on it yeah but with that said the days
of
$139.99 like gaming GPU are gone it
costs so much to tape out at tsmc so if
you want that $139 GPU literally your
better option is to buy a secondhand one
from a generation or two ago when that
price level might have been attainable
um and no amount of no amount of
complaining about it it's going to
change that it's going to change the
market forces that are at play here the
fact that tsmc can sell that wafer
for functionally unlimited monies yeah
um did did you hear uh did you hear
tsmc's uh chairman or CEO what whatever
the the guy's title was um like was like
publicly mulling increasing nvidia's
pricing it's just like yeah I don't know
yeah we've been looking at how much
money they're making and we think they
could probably absorb a price
increase and you know what I don't think
that I don't think from tsmc's point of
view who functionally has a monopoly on
Cutting Edge node technology until gets
their act together I don't think from
tsmc's point of view they're going to be
like oh but what about the poor Gamers
no okay if you're making GeForce we'll
give you a better deal that's not going
to happen why would they why would they
it makes no economic sense to do so so
it so it sucks it's not good it sucks a
lot particularly very bad for us we've
talked about this a bunch of times
though I lament often about how when GPU
crypto mining stopped being as much of a
thing um I was really hoping for a bit
of a market crash so they would feel it
a little bit but then the AI rise just
it happened right at the perfect
possible time like the stars aligned and
just allowed them to never feel that hit
they're either really smart or really
lucky or both or both yeah realistically
for Success you need a combination of
the two yeah which I guess leads us
perfectly into our next topic uh Nvidia
is the number two most valuable company
in the world with a market cap of
3.12 trillion with a te um this makes
Nvidia only the third company to cross
the three trillion threshold so it's
Microsoft Apple and Nvidia Nvidia stock
appears particularly attractive to
retail investors so these are everyday
consumers rather than just um
professional portfolio holders and they
are likely contributing significantly to
nvidia's Upward momentum much of the
success is due to their AI chip
portfolio but Nvidia has also reached a
new peak of 88% market share for
discrete graphics holy crap that is the
highest it's been since the company was
founded which is kind of wild to me
because amd's products right now are
like pretty good I am I am still radon
challenging are you and I'm fine nice
well I committed publicly to skipping
the the 40 series yeah and like you know
have any more driver issues or anything
for the number of times I've been called
a liar I'm a pretty damn honest person
um I said I'd do it and I'm doing it
like I do
so so in in my in the land PCS in the
basement yeah um you know last harra I
picked up used EVGA 30 series so I it's
not like I don't have any Nvidia in the
entire house or whatever yeah but when
the 40 series came out and and was so un
your primary computer that you
distribute to multiple screens across
the house and use very often 7900 XTX
baby yeah yep and it's not a cop out
that other computers in the house have
other gpus he literally like when
when when we went over to your place to
play
hockey tape to tape yeah it was your
upstairs computer well
okay actually no no I ended up using Bas
I guess oh did you yeah because uh I was
not at the land before oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah that was my desktop yeah at
the land it was this for a variety of
reasons but um before I wanted to be
able to use my computer yeah if other
people were in the theater yeah logic uh
but yeah no I was I was using my
upstairs computer because the computer's
downstairs but the screen is up well one
of the one that's why I kind of like hit
like uh he like usually uses it upstairs
but the computer itself is not there y
uh and you know what it was I had some
issues with it at
first it's been Rock that's really good
that's good to hear yeah it's been
rockold um at computex Nvidia outlined
its road map for chip architectures with
Blackwell Ultra in 2025 Reuben in 2026
and Reuben Ultra in 2027 they also
showed off their upcoming RTX AI PCS
with co-pilot plus features though they
seemed reluctant to use Microsoft
branding of co-pilot plus p
or to acknowledge that these RTX PCS are
powered by AMD STS Point
CPUs fascinating um discussion question
we want the glory and all of the glory
Nvidia is clearly killing it but does
that really mean it's worth one and a
half
Googles alphabets I feel like this is
going to pop I just don't know when but
not investment advice I don't know um it
just seems like too much it feels like
uh uh another version of
Nortel yeah I I was looking at this
popped up in my in my Twitter feed um a
comparison of Cisco's like meteoric rise
and
then leveling off I mean what goes up
exponentially must come down at some
point but would I bet would I bet
against it today dude if if you shorted
it when that first Massa Spike happened
and then this event happened and it went
up again
you're hurting yeah like that would be a
really quick way for me to go completely
bankrupt in like days yeah
so yeah I don't know I don't know man if
you got the tea leaves on you I suspect
there's some some big money to happen
there but I don't know not
me not me at all and like I uh who's
number one uh number one is um
Microsoft not by much
yeah so let's see let's see who ends up
with the higher valuation the shoveler
or the shoveler was just gonna say the
shovel seller has not yet surpassed the
shoveler yeah we'll
see but I mean In fairness Microsoft has
a lot lot of other stuff going on what I
want to know is like what's next for
NVIDIA
because Nvidia is one of those companies
that values
Partnerships until they don't really
feel like it anymore until they don't
really feel like it anymore I I wouldn't
say that they've necessarily sherlocked
too many partners uh but they
definitely squeeze they're definitely go
aloners squeezers there's a reason
Nvidia and apple don't get along
um too similar you could you could only
fit so much ego at one negotiating table
you know yeah um and so yeah I I want to
I want to see what's next like like okay
look at the way bitman behaves about
their their mining Hardware right yeah
or has where they'll like literally yeah
yeah they'll they'll create a new
generation thing and like at what at
what point with their billions and
billions and billions of dollars does
Nvidia kind of just
go why are we selling this
Hardware I mean it's not like the
thought never occurred to them data
centers I it what what about what about
uh you know Nvidia Enterprise now
instead offor
now that's not even that's actually in
my opinion that's stronger branding than
GeForce now Enterprise now is actually
Wicked brand holy crap it's not like
they couldn't afford to build imagine
you're a startup and you're just like
that's the product I want I don't know
the the naming of that for a startup
company as a product for a startup
company is very strong and so I just
like I'm just looking at it going why
wouldn't they just take their first
100,000 Blackwell chips and
just gives give themselves even like a
thre Monon lead yeah just just leas it I
mean that's the same thing that arri
does with their top level cameras you
can't buy their top level camera they
can't they can't bin enough perfect
sensors at that size or whatever or
whatever the the reasons for it are the
cost would be so high that they just
like no you you rent this uh we we
literally will not sell it to you so
that way can ensure anything you know
shot on Alexa whatever that hey hey Andy
Andy what's the one you can only
rent the r65 or something like that yeah
you can't buy it oh are you checking
Enterprise now on GoDaddy yeah it's
already bought of course it is it's
being camped by someone yeah yeah yeah
yeah well Nvidia can afford it
yeah dude I uh I'm kind of wondering if
someone just sniped that like while we
were no no no no there's no way it would
have been pretty fast two dictionary
work
like 12 characters yeah it's probably
already taken
um man I I I I don't know man does it
mean it's worth one and a half alphabets
SLG Googles like that's here's the thing
though like AI is going to be this tool
that underpins everything it's going to
underpin alphabet and Google's efforts
to better Target their advertising it's
going to underpin Facebook's efforts to
you know better understand everything
about you and your life and and Target
to be fair a lot of it already does I
think it's just like development in this
space is accelerating extremely rapidly
yeah Enterprise trust in proposals and
willingness to accept proposals of work
in this space are almost blank check
right now yeah I mean look at
Humane the fact that they raised that
kind of money for what was just
obviously a stupid
product do you see there that's one of
our other topics today you see they're
trying to sell yeah uh they have
apparently been in talks with uh
HP I love our headline here I'm GNA
credit Jessica with this uh might have
been Riley though they both worked on
the do peek I think Humane and HP a
match made in Hades uh Humane the
company that made a reportedly bad AI
pin is trying to sell its business to HP
for one billion dollars or roughly what
Humane was valued at before their
product launched and subsequently bombed
spectacularly according to an article
from The New York Times the company has
sold maybe 10,000 pins adding up to
around $7 million in
Revenue several current and former
employees told the times that Humane
Founders essentially banned internal
criticism disregarding warnings about
product battery life and even dismissing
a senior software engineer who raised
concerns about the pin add that to the
fact that Humane has warned its dozens
of users to not use the charging case
anymore because of a fire safety risk
and I have no idea where they are
getting this valuation from like
honestly I think I would buy I would try
to buy icq before I would try to buy it
Humane yeah I'm actually not sure if I'm
unserious about that anymore I see just
shut down like is it is it for sale like
could I buy icq who owned it I don't
know wait what's IQ
new hold on a second IQ new oh oh hold
on
mail. group in 2010 oh I feel like the
politics around buying it from a Russian
entity right now it's VK dude wait VK
you're not VK is like Russian Facebook
oh yeah yeah okay you're not buying this
yep sorry happen I don't think they I
don't think they'll sell it to you
that's a bummer I don't know if you'd
want to even if I even if they would um
yeah I I I I don't think we need to give
money to uh to the Russian government
what what is uh IQ now though I'll tell
you what Mr
Putin pull out of Ukraine and I will
consider buying your
icq final offer
I like that hell
yeah yeah see chat likes the deal chat
likes the
deal Mr Putin it's it's a good deal your
move it's a solid
deal
um lus out here solving geopolitical
problems yeah
100% uh all right what are we supposed
to it sounds like VK has been using icq
as like teams
you can chat with friends in VK
messenger and colleagues in VK
workspace oh sorry no no no that's not
branding that's them saying what they
they might have just used icq Tech and
then just like deployed it we any
completely different product yeah like
Skype or whatever yeah
yeah
um Dan we never finished doing merch
messages no that's right we got one more
to do and then we're about 15 minutes to
sponsors as
well um let's see hey lonus can we get
some of the details of how the GPU
factory tour video was made what was
planning and communication like
considering you only had 3 hours to work
with keep up the great
work uh it was a lot of fun very chaotic
uh we had a we had a three-person team
um oh shoot Andy do you remember the
name of that power color rep that was
super helpful and high energy and
basically just like was a total Chad
helping us get through
there sh yeah great guy um he does PR
there uh I he was very serious when he
said he was a great guy yeah I'm really
bad with uh yeah I'm really bad with
names but yeah he was awesome um
apparently he started working there when
he was like 18 he's just like I'm gonna
work at Power color because I'm a GPU
Enthusiast and he's just still there now
which is cool so he was a big part of
helping us get that tour arranged
framework was a big part of helping us
get that tour arranged because
powercolor uh ended up being one of
the um well let me put it this way at
Frameworks volumes and with how high
touch they are right like you you you
saw it in the factory tour they had to
create a custom rig for testing
Frameworks stupid Rando you know gpus
with their interface they invented right
like this is not and when I say stupid I
don't mean stupid I mean inconvenient
right you're setup for pcie thingies go
into motherboard um weird pad interface
with Pogo pins and needing a rig that
can you know like walk onto it and stuff
that that's like extra work and I'm
sorry how many of these are you
making you know at the kinds of volumes
that the semiconductor industry Works in
uh someone like a framework is a very
very very small fish they're doing great
they're growing Rome wasn't built in a
day but they're are very small fish and
so um the fact that powercor was willing
to take them on was was a big deal and
was a big part of bringing the framework
16 in Market um so anyway framework has
that relationship and they helped to to
make that connection as well and then
once we got in there man it was like
normally we would want to go around
first make a bunch of notes frantically
and then I would lock myself in a
boardroom or something put my headphones
in kind of rewalk for like a couple of
hours and then I would like write
everything and I would ask to have
someone kind of nearby that I can sort
of holler at and ask questions and then
we would go back through and we would
shoot like a scripted like like a roll
read and then we would also capture all
the b roll this time basically I just
got a verbal briefing on what we were
about to see and then I got a like
um like a more detailed like I kind of
put in my had sort of how much time I
wanted to spend on each one and then I
got any little details that pertained to
each thing as we went and then I I
didn't have a script um so people people
often ask like what which videos are
scripted which ones are unscripted tell
me does it matter could you tell that
that video was
unscripted maybe I should maybe I should
script less uh I should find one that
was scripted okay could you tell the no
to a boo was scripted
yes could you tell that the factory tour
was not scripted I
didn't
useless
um okay I'm I'm trying to I'm trying to
hear from the other people uh from the
people in the chat I don't know which
one they're responding to they're just
saying yes and
no useless might as well talk to talk to
Twitch chat at this point um anyway the
point is that they would give me any
little details that I needed for that
particular chunk and then I would do it
and then um Andy would go and he would
shoot like any b-roll bits that go along
with it and then Alex was there to be a
backup notetaker during the during the
tour um or during the briefing and then
he was a notetaker he was our only
notetaker during the actual actual tour
and then he was also noting down the
clip numbers for for every section so
some eagle-eyed people noticed that that
video was actually uploaded within 24
hours of us completing the tour um it
was kind of crazy to get it done because
we wanted it to be part of our computex
coverage this year um so it was a little
crazy to get that done but Alex noting
all the clip numbers was how Dennis who
was like uh I have not edited an LTT
video in about two years let's see how
this goes that was how Dennis managed to
turn around that edit in just a few
hours that's Epic did a review we had to
change some stuff I had to shoot a uh or
record a small audio pickup on my on my
lab microphone he exported again and
boom it was up I've got some comments uh
one is a a challenge from Scrappy DP
saying uh you scripted the walkthr in
the beginning of the factory tour I
scripted the walkthr he's this is a
claim from Fling chat I scripted the
walkthrough of the factory tour well
when I say scripted I mean word for word
scripted yeah not no
yeah I can I can show Luke the notes
that we had at the beginning of the
tour
uh this is the notes that Alex gave
me before we
started these are the notes that I took
hold on oh wait no Alex has added a
bunch of stuff to this um none of this
is a script anyways yeah so here's the
smt line yeah I will read you word for
word this is what the video would would
have sounded like if I had read off a
prompter
uh this is for the smt line portion yes
spray anti-static now that all the
components are validated time to put
them mounted to board anti-static shower
Mount to boards
9994 each PCB gets pushed into the
machine
9999 intake of pcbs soldering paste
-003 scanning for paste inspection pick
and place 77,000 components per hour
Cutting Edge machine nearly double the
speed of their older machines on a
typical Line This investment was made
because small pilot batches are often
done here 15 minutes from their R&D
headquarters and speed and efficiency is
a major factor in product development -
vrms GPU die placement
-30 oven that bakes the solder to attach
everything inspection CT scanning
-38 final of smt
0048 get some get stopped for inspection
10 to 15% get sent to x-ray manual
component placement put on tray add
capacitors fluck spray 0068 solder
waterfall not quite a slide
0074 final
inspection probably three4 of that was
added by Alex while we were going
through on the actual help so a fraction
of that was uh was actually uh done
before we started the oh Google doc and
go back okay here's the
version uh hold on here's the version
before Alex added
notes uh I also want to say that you you
did the reveal before you asked if
people could
tell um so there was there was a
considerable amount of people saying
that they could tell on both and I'm not
saying that you're
lying but I do think that in a lot of
cases is so one might notice that
something feels different but they don't
necessarily notice why okay and then
you're like oh this one wasn't scripted
and they're like aha I knew that that
was exactly what happened I'll tell you
what why don't we play the game with
some more videos did you watch any of
our other coverage no what ay I can just
jump only what are the numbers me what
do the numbers mean those are clip
numbers that Alex was adding as we were
shooting yeah so almost anything with a
clip number was added we were going
through so there was very very very
little in the way of of of a
script um okay here I'm just going to
add a filter for let's say views more
than 500,000 I should filter at anything
that's uh just like unlisted or
whatever um okay guys Nvidia Nvidia tour
scripted or not scripted
go are we pulling them why don't we do
our sponsor spots we wait for them to
for them to think you want to PLL it Dan
okay uh yeah or do sponsor do the poll
before we start going okay give one
second you can set up the poll and I'll
do sponsor
spots uh the show is brought to you
today by ag1 when cooking up your
morning breakfast chances are you're not
including certain ingredients that
Supply your body with the energy it
needs to get through the day our sponsor
ag1 can help with a simple and
convenient way to get the vitamins your
breakfast may have otherwise been
lacking as a nest quick cial
lover yes their team is always trying to
find better ways to Source test and find
the best quality ingredients available
and unlike other supplements that only
reference research for specific
ingredients a1's whole formula is backed
by multiple studies done by Third
parties in double blind Placebo
controlled environments they're
transparent with their ingredients too
so if you're not convinced you can do
your own research a few of our team
members even drink ag1 every day and
have done so even before they were a
sponsor it's easy and satisfying to
start your journey with ag1 and you can
even get a free one-year supply of
vitamin D3 K2 and five free ag1 travel
packs with your first purchase at drink
a1.com
wow the show is also brought to you by
Squarespace there are a lot of different
shapes that exist like triangles
octagons decagons Bagons but we're
really into squares these days thanks to
our sponsor Squarespace did they really
script that in here okay sure
Squarespace is an all-in-one platform
that makes getting your website up and
running uh easily and quickly just start
with one of their award-winning
templates and start building from there
with intuitive drop elements a
streamlined yet comprehensive asset
library and other features that are
anything but Square their templates are
the foundation of their website builder
and they're flexible enough to fit your
unique needs once your website goes live
you can use their Advanced analytics
tools to gain insight into where you can
optimize and keep growing and if you
require assistance Squarespace has
useful guides and a 247 support team so
visit squarespace.com slw to receive 10%
off your first
purchase and someone's mowing the
sidewalk sorry for that unpleasant noise
the show is also brought to you by
manscaped a bunch of our team is at
compex this week and a big question we
had was how would we take care of their
bits and Bobs I can tell you right now
with some antiperspirant but any who uh
luckily there's manscaped their
performance package 5.0 Ultra has a
whole slew of tools to help keep your
landscape groomed it comes with the lawn
mower 5.0 Ultra meant for keeping your
sack
whacked with dualblade heads
um okay by whack they mean like weed
whack not like struck uh the weed
whacker 2.0 for trimming down those
nasal nuisances and also they crop
Soother and crop preserver to keep your
grass smelling fresh and fragrant they
even include some bonus goodies like a
pair of their boxers and a toiletry bag
so go check it out for yourself at
manscape.com wow and use code wano for
20% off and free shipping uh while we're
at doing promotions uh let's just
promote the end of Dan week Dan week is
almost over we had some Dan Centric
releases this week including Dan are you
able to show your screen to to show
things is that a thing we can
do yeah I can do web pages if you give
me a minute or
so yeah sure in that case why don't we
do the why don't we do the poll results
while while I wait for that I don't
actually see the poll I can't do a poll
and I'm read through some responses
though Integrations at Elijah
said this is why I said you need to give
him time before we started doing this
monster oh because he he has to live do
the Clips oh well I don't know maybe he
should grow a third arm yeah did he ever
think of that Dan do you ever think of
that growing a third arm it's a it's a
reasonable response you think you'd be
willing to like help the company Dan all
right I'm so sorry inject some of that
uh I don't have enough enthus Evolution
virus Dan's doing Dan's doing great
let's be encouraging for Dan let's go
Dan good job Dan um you want to do that
topic while we wait for d uh sure yeah
um co-pilot plus isn't for everyone yeah
Source The Verge Source 2 Microsoft
everyone yeah strangely Intel AMD and
Nvidia seem to be hinting that the much
hyped laptops powered by their new Chips
won't launch with co-pilot plus features
enabled despite all meeting Microsoft's
required specs seemingly Microsoft has
likewise made statements seeming to
indicate that Intel and AMD laptops will
get access to co-pilot
plus
eventually some the verges Sean
Hollister in particular have speculated
that qualcom might have some kind of yet
unknown timed exclusivity in other
co-pilot news Microsoft appears to be
making its controversial recall feature
opt in instead of opt out which is than
good but I still don't like their
attitude about it here the fact that
they tried to make it opt out the fact
that it was ever going to be opt out um
did not indicate a good faith effort for
Microsoft to maintain the privacy of its
Windows customers look if Windows was
free like formally free I might feel
slightly differently about this I still
wouldn't like it but I'd be like that
makes sense Windows is not free Windows
costs a $100 I know because I just
bought a copy of Windows seriously I I
bought a copy of Windows this week for
what for a cool video that we did here
we went to the tech Mall oh yeah buddy
I'm very excited about this we went to
the tech Mall um and it was actually
Jake's idea he was he was cruising in
the tech mall and he found this shop
little hole in thewall shop like I mean
literally hole in the wall I could
almost put my arms from one side to the
next side that had this sick Hardline
water cooled system in the front of it
with like this 3D printed League of
Legends mask in it and it just like it
looked flipping awesome and normally you
walk up to those shops and you're like
I'll take that one and they're like no
man that's like for demo uh I can build
you like a basic gaming computer yeah I
was like I want one like that and for my
budget I picked the starting price of a
main gear uh what is it there whatever
their Hardline was one is main gear uh
hold on oh hold on yeah this is my auto
complete here yeah I got this hold on my
internet's a little a little it's a rush
a main gear a main gear Rush Apex Rush
uh starting at
5119 so I gave them a budget of1 170,000
New Taiwan dollars and basically was
like bro I'm trusting you I want it to
look really cool like this one and I
want to game at 4K I want to be able to
play any game so I gave him functionally
the same the same budget yeah and uh I
just looked it up it's super similar I
wanted to know what's what are you
better off with are you better off with
an apex rush or are you better off with
some hole in thewall shop in Taiwan and
I guarantee you no matter what you
thought the answer will surprise
you really cool video really lots of fun
yeah had an absolute blast and you know
what I was having so much fun doing it I
was like man I wish I could do this kind
of stuff more often but I get recognized
so much that I can't it's hard to secret
shop at home yes over here there's a
chance right because people might not go
to English media for their first choice
for for Tech content right yeah but at
home whether you love me or hate me if
you're in the tech space you you've
probably seen my my my sad Line Is MeMe
face at some point you know MH like you
probably seen the mug and so it's really
hard to get away with just like secret
shopping things having the customer
experience some people pointed out that
it's pretty funny that we have a
scrapyard Wars
planned and we didn't just do it here
when we were both here no that wouldn't
be I don't think that would be the play
because I think they want to see crazy
rigs for the price and I wouldn't be as
familiar with the tools here I think
that at home we're going to have our
best shot to put together amazing value
um man the budget for the
gimmick not cool oh I don't even know
what it is yeah so I I can't even like
comment the budget is not cool but we're
still gonna we're still gonna like make
some money but like yeah scrapyard Wars
is going to be very expensive this time
around you're gonna have fun if you this
is off topic if you sit up I can pull
your you've been sliding the thing back
have I now so you've been slowly falling
backwards that makes sense uh if you
don't mind actually that would be swell
oh I've been moving the whole couch well
they're all in sections yeah moving one
section nice oh wow that moved a lot
more than I realized oh did I move it
again yeah cool well that's going to be
how it is then and I got a screenshot um
but yeah I'm I'm excited about whatever
it is because you keep talking about how
cool it is which makes me oh yeah it
gives me confidence be fun it's going to
be really cool and I I believe you that
not knowing isn't really going to impact
anything it won't yeah I like I actually
believe you I'm not yeah so oh yes I
believe you yeah I'm excited um anyway
coming back to what we were talking
about Microsoft um I don't like that it
was opt out in the first place I I think
that betrays an attitude that Microsoft
has towards user privacy that is not
okay for a paid product um but the fact
that it is opt in now is better I'm
gonna opt in honestly no you're not okay
uh no
you do work stuff on that computer don't
you maybe
nope well it sounds really useful for me
you have Sentinel on that computer I
think so yeah nice I can turn it
off you really want to play this game
kinda because I can uninstall
senel I can your
St I can you
can't I can
kind of
SE probably not okay I'm disabling
Sean's account right now and turning off
the why I don't even think because Shawn
would like listen to me over you or
anything I think because Shawn would be
like yeah I know that makes sense he
shouldn't have that on I think he would
agree with the idea more than he would
like okay but every once in a while I
read a really cool AR and I can't
remember what where I saw it yeah so
like that one that I've been trying to
that I've been trying man I I keep
trying to find this article someone
wrote a or don't do work stuff on that
computer someone wrote a really good
essay you're going to I'm changing the
subject someone wrote a really good
essay how the housing market is like
completely doomed like completely doomed
like even worse than it is now and they
basically laid out the the value
Prospect of a house to a person who
lives in it and why housing pricing made
sense for a long time and then how that
value Prospect changed and that was why
we got this like hockey stick um where
it was not based on the value to me
living in it but it was based on the
value to me renting it out and then how
it hockey sticked again we're almost
making our way to a horseshoe shape now
but like but essentially inflection
pointed again when short-term rentals
took off and the amount of value you
could extract out of them was much
higher and how essentially we're heading
towards or we're we're in the middle of
another inflection point where it
basically goes up nearly infinitely as
in institutional investors yes Buy and
they can have this like much much longer
Outlook than any individual could ever
hope to have because it just becomes a
total dollars in versus total dollars
out game as opposed to needing any
needing an immediate or or timely Roi on
on a specific asset um just just because
I don't think F chat's going to give it
up uh Dan were you trying to tell him
that he can't uninstall it
uh I don't know I was just making sure
that we can actually communicate we had
um some issues during the pre-show as
well yes we can you're just you're just
super quiet um so in case you didn't
hear it uh I I pointed out that while
that might be true he can he can
uninstall you know Windows
um he's a crafty man you could find a
way yeah sorry guys this uh this isn't
it it was like it was an essay a couple
of people tried to tried to send me
something it was it was it was really
good it was really good it didn't
contain like the terms hockey stick or
anything like that it was basically just
like a breakdown of why why it's
basically going to go to the Moon um and
fortunately things are softening up a
little bit here
there's both industrial and residential
are finally not
just just inexorable March um towards
Infinity
but I don't necessarily think that it is
permanent um I don't think that it's a
permanent change this is
a aggressively off topic thing to
discuss sure but I'm just GNA go for it
anyways because you're talking about I'm
kind of done with the co-pilot plus
anyway this isn't even sort of tech oh
okay but I find it insane have you read
this have you heard about
this I saw a headline you don't have to
talk about it yeah I saw a headline just
read the headline the headline is Parks
Canada says 84 deer were killed in an
$834,000 call using a sharpshooter in a
helicopter did you say 84,000 I think
you mean $834,000
$134,000 c deer really I the headline
that I saw was like Hunters we would
have done this for you for free yes and
have in the
past this is an established thing look
somebody wanted to go for a sniping
helicopter right and they wanted the
government to pay for it I promise you
there's there's a bunch of other Pickers
like it's it's you know it's a Canadian
government paid thing but um it was an
American company obviously that did the
helicopter hunt so like it wasn't even
they sell tickets it wasn't even
government funds that went into canadi
Canadian company yeah like the the whole
thing is just like
Elijah bro I want to do this it lit you
can do it with bors it's a thing oh
really yeah that makes sense you don't
even have to use a sharpshooter you can
use a
minigun uh oh America America or sorry
Texas or our Southern friends helicopter
machine
gun hel bacon is the company name
wait so you never you telling me you've
never shot a machine guns from a
helicopter is their tagline on their
website this is like absolutely a thing
apparently there's like actually insane
boore like infestations in that part of
the state so they like actually need to
call them like it's a huge actual
problem but then there's
been more or less like tourism activity
industry sprung up around it through
these companies that uh will bring you
along on tours to to get rid of the
bores which is something that the state
needs but I don't know what happens
though like like what if what if
your company and livelihood that you've
invested helicopter dollars into yeah is
reliant on these bores existing are you
taking half of your funds and putting
out boar food yeah you know like I I
don't know I'm not saying that's
happening but like it's an interesting
being in a field where you have
commercialized stopping an INF station
yeah that I mean that's just I mean
isn't that just the pest control
industry maybe I mean Al Alberta got rid
of rats I guess it can technically
happen have you seen the like the map of
like where rats are in the world no it's
just everywhere except for
Alberta we're we're on some weird topics
right now where are rats in the world I
just assumed they were everywhere yeah
uh that is hilarious just a spot so I
actually did not know about this like I
it rings sort of a very very vague Bell
but they they sorry what what did they
do they like got rid of rats I don't I
don't know what rats can't walk there
now like really makes any sense into it
um but yeah like apparently a natural
thing
huh
okay ex solocity yeah if I ever find the
essay about housing prices I will let
you know but I have I have I've tried
digging through my history I've tried
searching for the way that I usually
find an article is I like remember a
sentence in it and I just like Google
that and it usually brings it up but I
just couldn't I just
couldn't extensive rat surveillance and
extermination things in
Alberta yeah they're like super hardcore
about it yeah just use recall see that's
what I was talking about that's why I
would find recall useful
you can absolutely you can absolutely
use read it on my phone any you would
like if you would like on a why don't
you look in your history on your phone
uh Because by the time I remembered I it
was had like faded out of it yeah bummer
bummer yeah also I think stuff that you
read in your Google feed didn't like
used to show up in your history properly
I don't think it's still does does it no
it does now oh okay yeah but I it might
have been at that time or something I I
can't remember
um what are we supposed to be talking
about
Dan oh we got some more merch messages
to do oh that's right we're supposed to
be talking about Dan Dan week oh yeah
Dan week is almost over and Dan was
supposed to show you guys some some
floatplane uh exclusives that have Dan
in them yeah we got all of these
exclusives there's more coming all the
time okay so they're looking at it so we
have a video on his cappuccino which is
not a beverage it is in fact a car it is
mhm barely larger than Dan himself uh we
have a video with your most asked Dan
questions all of these are getting rave
reviews by the way and a video about his
new desk um I'm supposed to ask Dan how
was uh the filming experience like for
you these videos for you it was pretty
good um Sammy had put together a long
list of questions and basically had
everything you know gotten ready to go
and it was it was pretty good um I kind
of got to pick a few topics that I
thought would be easy to film and were
were kind of off the cuff and fun and
yeah it went very
smoothly cool uh Dan is apparently going
to be signing some products one stubby
one screwdriver one desk pad and one
bread plushy live on stream it says not
all the items few more I don't even know
what that means like just one of each is
what got it to enter for a chance to win
these you've got until Sunday June the
9th at midnight to sign up for the
giveaway items you can find the sign up
link on on any of our Dan week videos on
float plane uh okay for sweep Stakes
though we have to have a um an unpaid
entry option so um Dan can you please
find out the t's and C's of how people
can enter without uh be without paying
maybe we could provide the link in the
chat here or something sure I'll have a
look it should be probably allal sweep
Stakes requirements okay we'll figure
that out um and we're supposed to ask
the audience what kind of future cont
content weeks would you guys like to see
more people weeks or themed weeks or
yeah let let us know leave a tell you
what leave a comment on um where the
heck can they do
that the Forum I don't know I don't know
yeah leave a
comment oh add us on on Twitter the
social team will see that yeah or you
can make a thread on the Forum the
social team the community team should
see that as well yeah those will work uh
thanks for supporting float plane you
can also leave a comment on the VOD for
this show if you're watching this um in
the VOD we have some remaining charity
stream items lmg Dogg charity leftovers
we've got a Corsair showcase Bild the
short circuit hookie hoodie bundle we've
actually yeah we've got just five items
left so check them out and uh we're
going to keep adjusting pricing until we
sell these because we got to raise that
money raise that
cheddar all
right uh Dan is it merch message time oh
wait we were going to get that poll what
happened to the poll I don't know
there's been a lot to do right now
cool why don't we do another topic and
buy Dan some time topic for Dan time
Dan's gonna have some messages to
do okay sure we're gonna have some merch
messages forget Dan time okay got them I
can ask the merch messages if you want
to set up the poll yeah I mean I can oh
yeah I don't have the dashboard up I can
kind of do both at the same time I'm
asking a question I'm doing it I'm doing
the thing let's go Taiwan show what's
the most pointless thing you saw at
computex this year man I didn't see that
much me neither I didn't I didn't really
make it to the show yeah I got uh I'm
GNA I'm going to completely take over
this because I didn't neither of us
really saw too much of the show I got my
first swag item I've gotten
in probably like seven years oh yeah it
felt like I just snorted meth and
cocaine at the same time oh just the hit
oh it was amazing the rush of free stuff
just garbage too you know that you get
so much free stuff from work oh no but
not just just trash you know like it was
a branded bag that's like this big like
there's no chance I want that it's it's
like basically one use the little clasp
on it is already Breaking Inside was
some coconut flavored snacks that I I
don't want and then there was a voucher
and the voucher looks like a bill for
NT Taiwanese dollars and I was like
that's weird that's not a denomination
that I think exists here and then I
realized that it's like oh if you spend
I think it's like $6,000 NT then you can
use this vouer for 300 at like taipe 101
or something I'm like well that's not
happening so it's all just useless and I
was like yes we're back we're back at
shows where they just give you things
for no reason that no one wants it was
amazing it it was actually like I don't
think I can support any of this oh of
course not okay cool yeah um Dan the the
poll's wrong um also this is hilarious
uh the poll is was the factory tour
script which I already told you guys it
wasn't scripted so the fact that uh so
many of you are wrong either means that
um you are they could have they could
have tuned in later um but it was
supposed to be the Nvidia the Nvidia
tour I actually I I actually love that
he did the poll this
way because that proves a really
interesting point that people don't
listen at all and that I I I think you
know some of the people that said they
like they definitely knew on both videos
yeah maybe some after the fact it's
float plane though so they're probably
they're probably messing all Firefox
users yes 100% of the time you know what
though be careful in YouTube comments
though because I have started Perma
Banning anyone that like asks a really
stupid question that was answered in the
video like if someone's like was this
booth tour sponsored by
noctua they're they're Perma ban yeah
you're gone you're
out yeah I'm I'm sorry I'm just I'm not
gonna yeah I'm not gonna the quality of
the comment section must go up have you
there will be some losses along the way
have you read comments on any of the
compy text coverage skimmed a little bit
seemed pretty strong I think what I'm
doing is working yeah where it's
basically just like it's it's it's like
a bad faith filter I think you have to
in modern internet there's there's too
many tools for people with bad faith to
be super annoyed uh lunar Jimmy asks do
you do permabanning on float plane the
answer is yes yep we do um we are still
very open to feedback and criticism and
generally speaking I find the criticism
on float plane quite constructive and it
doesn't happen often generally the flo
plane audience is but if we had say for
example a lady on camera and you're
behaving in a way that is inappropriate
and Unbecoming of a member of the float
plane Community makes them uncomfortable
with you will find yourself with a
permaban like that quite quick so
there's definitely things that that is
that is probably the most common
scenario is exactly what was just laid
out you post some thirsty stuff about
him or whatever though I don't give I
don't care none of us care oh I don't my
beat button but yeah I right I think I
made my
point literally not a protected class in
any way
yeah a bearded sis hetero white dude you
you got blue eyes for crying out loud
hey you're
like literally forget
it I also like genuinely just don't care
yeah that that's that's a big part of it
too is like but we shouldn't we we we're
not just because I don't care yes
doesn't mean it's okay for everybody I
also don't care like whatever you know
talk about how short I am we literally
have sponsor partners that make fun of
my height like I'm not if you're going
to make an assumption about anyone else
though you should assume that it's not
cool that it's not cool
yeah uh okay was the Nvidia video
scripted uh 62% say yes 38% say no uh I
will bring up the
script
okay Invidia Blackwell rack here we go
I'll be able to make a determination
okay
[Music]
okay okay so partial pretty scripted and
then devolves into notes at least the
beginning it it it's it felt like it was
you know becoming slightly less over
time and then there's a a fairly sudden
jump to no so any of the Yik Yak I was
doing with the demos and um anything
around uh G assist uh as well as the
like the conversational demos I wanted
to be able to have conversations and
interact with the thing so it's a lot
harder for me to read a prompter when
I'm interacting with a computer so
there's no real Point anyway so you guys
are about right it was about 62%
scripted and about 38% not scripted I
enjoy that it was a bit of a trick
question
yeah yeah I like to we have fun here
yeah you know we we have F we have fun
with you guys it's nice doing curve
balls like that yeah
exactly
exactly all right what are we supposed
to be talking about Dan were we supposed
to be doing merch messages right now
doing merch messages right right right
right right okay good evening what's
your assessment on the cost/benefit of
expositions and conferences in the
modern day and
age man it really depends doing right
because if you're like if you're apple
and your developers and you want to get
everyone on the same page about all your
tool you yeah you got to do WWDC like
absolutely as for I think like fan Expos
and stuff like that I can tell you from
personal experience the economics have
gotten a lot more challenging if you're
a big established Expo you can probably
still make it work with big sponsors but
like in the age of digital advertising I
have questioned for a long time what the
value exactly is of Booth presences at
some of these Expos there are absolutely
still Expos that are killing it I mean
we're seeing we're seeing numbers
of booths that aren't you know like half
a hall like sometimes at packs you get
like the Microsoft Booth or the Sony
booth that takes up like just an
enormous amount of space so not boots
that are that size smaller than that
that cost
$600,000 just to show yeah but like but
that's not every it's tough apparently
Pax West actually lowered prices this
year because they finally didn't sell
out oh remember two people's disposable
income the middle class is dying oh yeah
badly so like you you're kind of getting
you're kind of getting eaten away at
both ends as an expo where sponsor
dollars are getting more challenging
because you can reach an audience so
much more effectively just digitally and
then people's disposable income for
things like getting on a plane to go
hang somewhere for a couple days that's
tough I mean that's that's why we
downscaled LTX to to just hopefully
doing whale lands assuming we can get
the city of Sur on board at some point
by the way I'm burying this super deep
in a Wan show because my my purpose is
not to you know raise a bunch of
attention at City Hall right now but at
some point in the future if there's any
of you that are in the city of su we may
we may ask we may create a template
letter and we may ask you guys to kind
of get involved in in this U not now
especially don't do it now because I'm
going to have a meeting with the mayor
um probably in the next couple of months
cool we want to we want to just like you
know do without putting well no sending
letters to right to City Hall WR word is
absolutely doing things right but it's
an escalation that we are not ready to
take yet um but we believe very strongly
that if we're negotiating with the city
in good faith that there is no briting
it's it's nice to take proper more
measured steps that there is no that
there is no reason why we shouldn't be
able to host a civil not like one of the
concerns that was raised with us was
noise huge get real yeah it it just
shows a fundamental misunderstanding of
what it is and and and non-elected
officials like the the bureaucratic
employees of the city are far less
incentivized to listen to anything they
so if they don't know what a land party
is they don't and and some of them are
really great some of the ones we've
dealt with are outstanding at the city
of Siri some of them clearly don't care
right and and so you know you're not
you're far less motivated as a
non-elected official to invest time in
figuring this out it's a lot easier to
just say well that's that's not on the
zoning ordinance orever it's not on the
zoning bylaw so forget it right yeah um
but we don't see any reason why as as as
oneoff or or multi off but like you know
small off few off events uh that we
shouldn't be able to do this and and
we've expressed willingness to work with
round challenges so you say noise
complaint we say okay we'll shut the
door you say parking concern we say okay
you know let's figure out messaging
around uh you know ride share and public
transit only or let's with some let's
figure out a nearby flat piece of land
the owner of which we can negotiate
parking in a small shuttle or something
totally you know there are solutions to
problems life should be improv rules you
know and there's no such thing to me in
business negotiations right there's no
such thing as as as as no if there is a
if there is a a benefit to both sides it
should be uh yes but or yes and you know
improv rules yes but these are my
various problems yes give the other side
the opportunity to make proposals to
handle the objection yeah exactly so so
that's that's what we want to do we want
to figure we want to figure it out uh
people are asking uh you know the main
thing is just showing showing them
what's in it for them oh there's
absolutely stuff that's in it for them
they they want to be they want to be on
the map for gaming and orts that's
what's in it for them so if we do some
tournaments and stuff and I'm absolutely
willing to I'm willing to play ball
little beauty pageant here or there yeah
I'm I'm Absolut willing to play ball but
it we're not gonna we're not going to do
it at a different venue yeah because
that's not what we're set up for that's
not what the economics can support we've
made an investment into a building and
and for us to build it out once put all
the networking and Power in and then be
able to reuse it over and over and over
again that makes sense for us to go in
somewhere else haul all of our stuff in
haul it all out for the kinds of ticket
prices that the market will bear for
these types of events it just doesn't
make sense we can't tiet prices for
lands make no sense yeah people run if
if there's a land going on it's being
ran out of passion it's not it's not a
profit thing yeah
all right uh what were we supposed to be
talking about we're just on merch
messages yeah I just forget what it was
I forget what the merch message was no
idea hey look a wild Dennis appears come
say hi Dennis hi
Dennis it's the big
room
hey yeah Dennis was up till how late
were you up editing that factory tour oh
my God 3:30 3:30 nice
nice nice up you say yeah I know because
I had to review it
after good stuff um okay what are we
yeah what are we supposed to be doing oh
yeah yeah yeah right hit me hi Dan and
LL I came for the merch I came for the
quality products have you seen anything
on the current trip that you think is
groundbreaking new tech or huge
advancements in existing
Tech I mean yeah it's got to be the
Snapdragon mobile chips and again you
know the only reason I'm mentioning it
is is because of the proximity quum did
not sponsor anything about this video I
can say whatever the hell I want um but
they did sponsor a video here at the
show that isn't out yet and I don't want
you guys to be surprised by that but
genuinely on this show not sponsored by
pcam in any way damn yeah one thing I'm
really unhappy about is the move towards
soldered
Ram yeah lunar Lake are they both lunar
lake is soldered Snapdragon X is
soldered
and I think me saying both might be
confusing usually there's two sticks I
think the new ryzen AI 300 series it's
all soldered all soldered it's all
moving to like either on package or near
package soldered to the board memory
just like we saw with apple silicon I
get it but I don't like it
yeah and
like that new desktop form factor was
very surprising um cam 2 I I'm actually
pretty stoked on that because it I
didn't see it coming on desktop like I
saw cam happening on laptop because that
was where I thought it was intended for
to avoid soldered memory but instead
we're taking soldered memory which is
going to be even slightly shorter traces
than Cam and we're just doing it on
laptops and then we're taking all those
benefits of the development of Cam and
putting it on the desktop so we might be
able to see faster desktop memory thanks
to this but yeah I was very surprised to
see full size desktop motherboards with
support for C memory there that that's
one but I I'll I'll
say unex unexpected
advancement and last one before I let
you loose on a final topic um question
for lonus I'm marrying my high school
sweetheart starting dated when we were
17 but we're now with both 26 in two
weeks do you have any advice on writing
vows my fiance has asked me explicitly
not to use chat
yeah don't use chat
um writing
vows she has the correct opinion did
what did you say she has the correct
opin or they have the correct I thought
you said she is the breath of me or
something like that I was like wow I
mean word Smith Loop here not writing it
for you yeah I'm not sure about that
particular turn of phrase but um
something I can say in regards to using
chat uh would be that you can ask it
what it feels about what you wrote or
what it took from what you wrote but
don't have it write it for you this is
supposed to be yeah I would say the most
important thing for me and this is going
to be maybe out of left field I know but
the most important thing is an anecdote
oh tell a story yeah because everyone
says how much they love them everyone
says or at least if you're writing
halfway you know functional vows uh
everyone says you know this is what I
thought you were going to talk about
some vows are just like stupid how much
you love them how you're going to be
with them forever I mean I think that's
like implicit um and yeah not everyone
makes it work so like you should
definitely still say that that's the
intention thumbs up you know um but I
would say the best vows that I've heard
are the ones that tell a really great
story that go so it's like why yeah that
that the story of the relationship like
you know the on the third date when you
you like were eating spaghetti and you
laughed so hard you snorted actual
spaghetti like up your nose instead of a
drink you know like and and and
and and you asked for a napkin and she
laughed and was like no it's funnier I
need to take a picture first I'll give
you one after you know and that was the
moment we knew we were made for each
other you know like tell me tell me why
you were made for each other you know
that's that's what I want to know don't
tell a long story tell a short story
keep it short um and this is this is key
make sure she
cries if she doesn't cry you haven't you
haven't done it good enough you want to
like like like make hit her right in the
fields so so make sure that the story is
and and this is this is counterintuitive
okay so the story should be super
meaningful for her but it should
actually be the one that's most
meaningful for you it should be like
like why you can't live without her
which will that's gonna that's going to
hit way harder her care more yeah yeah
yeah in the fields you guys yeah in the
fields yeah make them cry no no it's
okay good cry happy cry for crying out
loud you guys you're killing me here
crying out loud
yeah yeah exactly lace your valves with
onions oh boy make the paper out of out
of
onion what one thing that I would say
which I stole from you I think um is a
lot of the like worst ones that I've
witnessed is when they'll dwell on like
you know it's been really hard sometimes
I don't want to hear that it's not the
time yeah not the time you guys can have
those conversations yeah you should yeah
talk talk things through that's super
important not the time but
like you know like up there in front of
everybody and they're up there in front
of everybody and you're talking to them
and you're like you know you kind of
sucked a lot yeah like what are you
talking about and like there's a you can
do that at the wedding like absolutely
when you give your like speech at the at
the reception oh yeah by all means tell
a funny story about like you know
Finding you know x-rated materials on
their computer and it being like
something you wouldn't have thought they
were into you know or whatever you can
do funny jokes at that time yeah like
that that's a pretty particular moment
you don't need to dig in that moment
yeah not in that moment that moment is
for like the moment you knew you know
yeah yeah
next up yeah talk about the tense prenup
negotiations yeah yeah that's not in the
vows okay that's not in the vows oh
goodness sheesh I'm got to get you guys
out of here in about 45 minutes so why
don't you do another topic and then
we'll move into after
dark okay topic time Google leaks leak
an internal Google database of thousands
of security incidents flagged by Google
employees between 2013 and 2018 has
given rare insight into how Google
manages the issues the document acquired
by 404 media but confirmed to be
authentic by Google includes reports of
accidental recordings of children's
voices a major leak of the itineraries
and home addresses of Way's carpool
users and an exclusion software failure
for Google Maps resulting in The
Accidental creation of a database of
thousands of geolocated license plate
numbers these incidents were typically
reported investigated and resolved at
the time that they happened but only a
few were previously known to the public
there were also more long-term breaches
such as is an incident following
Google's acquisition of socratic.org
where around a million user emails from
the company were publicly exposed for
over a year one relatively harmless
incident involved the 2017 leak of the
announcement of Nintendo's woolly World
2 a Google contractor downloaded the
private announcement from Nintendo's
YouTube channel using admin privileges
and sent a photo of the video to a
friend who then posted the screenshot to
Reddit not only did this friend admit to
getting the photo from a friend who
works at Google the URL in the image
started with www. admin.
youtube.com uh in other news replace
your own job with
AI in an interview with the Verge Zoom
CEO Eric Yuan recently suggested that
Zoom should eventually have a feature
that allows you to instead of replace
the background replace the foreground
dedicating your meeting to an AI powered
digital twin who could create a summary
for you this AI double would likewise
respond to emails and answer calls this
seems to be more than an
anthropomorphized notetaker however as
Yan seemed to suggest that these
features would operate with minimal
oversight and users would be delegating
a significant amount of decision-making
and responsibility to these digital
avatars hilarious oh boy uh less
hilarious Adobe this week or this
Wednesday users of various Adobe apps
received a popup notice that adobe's
terms of service had Chang changed
warning that adobe May access your
content through both manual and
automatic methods yeah this is
ridiculous this is pretty bad the
specific updated section of the terms of
service that lent into effect February
of this year says content you store or
process on their Ser servers may be
analyzed using techniques such as
machine learning in order to improve our
services and software and the user
experience two main concerns arose from
users professional creatives who do work
under NDA were concerned about Adobe
accessing confidential information and
many users were concerned that their
content their creative work would be
used to train adobe's Firefly AI which
it like absolutely will be Adobe has
since issued a statement clarifying it
does not use customer content to train
Firefly and does not assume ownership of
the customer's work yeah sure yeah yet
they didn't say the yet I'm adding the
yet it's a really easy goal post to move
the company further states that the
purpose of the updated terms was to
clarify the addition of more review to
pre-existing moderation processes that
scan for illegal
content well we'll see how it goes yeah
I don't like that at all the car thing
we got to talk about that according to
Tech YouTuber uh oh ano raker or Josh
Hendrickson who did a deep dive into
spotify's car thing device Spotify had
already taken several steps to open
source the car thing uh even before the
current deactivation controversy the
device runs on Linux and it's uboot
source code and Linux kernel are
available on GitHub likewise its amlogic
chip allows users to easily access boot
raw mode run their own code and add
custom software Hendrick theorizes that
Spotify wasn't interested in making this
easy open sourcing more widely known
because the device is essentially a
potato with a weak M logic processor
four gigs of emmc storage and only 512
megabytes of ram its Hardware is too
limited to do much above its Beyond uh
much above its Uh current intended
purpose I mean part that bothers me is
that it can't do much Beyond it it's
that Spotify tried to Brick it people
have already shown that they can do what
they want with it do it yeah yeah so
like the intended purpose was fine yeah
doesn't really matter that it's a potato
if all it needs to be is a potato
potatoes are cool I like potatoes
good Apple's holding WWDC next Monday
and the reportedly plans to announce how
it will integrate
AI Apple
intelligence into their upcoming
products yes their AI system will be
called Apple intelligence that's cool
because that won't be confusing at all I
mean it's just as useful of a name as
artificial intelligence right now okay
that's true we've got a video coming on
how AI is a lie yeah and like really is
y um it's really cool what we're doing
but it isn't there's a lot of cool
happening um yeah was written by Emily
so she basically like went through and
was like here's what you think AI is and
here's what it is and here's what it's
really good at and here's what it's like
not good at and uh sounds like a good
video I really liked the D googley your
life video yeah seems like other people
did too I'm excited for part two yeah
I'm genuinely pretty stoked for part two
um non AI announcements around half of
the presentation will apparently include
improved customizability for iPhone uh
as well well as new software for the
Vision Pro Apple watch and Apple
TV and finally oh my goodness uh oh man
we've got a few more things to get
through pretty quick here uh Twitter
says okay to uh unclad chests the
website formerly known as Twitter has
added language to its rules that
formally formally allows consensually
created adult content on the platform so
long as it is correctly and prominently
labeled Twitter has typically Been Told
an of sexual content though the site
didn't officially condone it therefore
to be clear that is true all the way
back y therefore the primary change will
be the creation of an official tagging
system for graphic and explicit adult
content some critics have called the new
policy a way for Twitter to reject
responsibility for dealing with the
sharp increase in pornographic spam that
Twitter has seen during Elon musk's
tenure CEO U but I actually have a I
have an alternate take um what I'm
hoping is that this just allows things
to be tagged more easily yeah and so
maybe I will actually see less of it
yeah um blurred out or or uh hidden
behind review reveal buttons our last
topic is first move to Europe second
delete Facebook European users of
Facebook and Instagram were recently
notified by meta that the company will
be using their data for AI training the
policy is global uh it's just that only
European users were informed and only
European users had the ability to opt
out of this use for their data due to EU
legislation in another unpopular policy
change Instagram is currently testing
unskippable ads hey nice very good nice
oh actually there is one more thing the
hashtag fix TF2 movement um yep it's
pretty bad so it doesn't seem like
they're going to do anything about it
quarter million people have signed the
petition and valve is going to do
whatever they want to do whenever they
want to do it because they're V and they
print infinite money and we all love
them for it all right time for when show
after dark could you please ask Andy to
give me roughly two stops of neutral
density
filter I could ask Andy for that but
Andy is not here okay I'll get I guess
oh wait no no no no hold on hold on
Dennis is here Dennis
oh
uh you oh wait do we have an ND filter
on there I don't see an ND filter should
be digital I can do it it's fine is
there a digital ND on that camera I
don't think so yeah no this FX 30 D oh
now it's
dark no no it's w show after dark just
he's gonna he I just made it dark he
made it dark it's okay it's okay thanks
Dennis oh yeah he could have just closed
the aperture that would have been an
option that's true all right what's up
Mr Daniel besser who even are you looks
like we got some merch messages my wife
loves your clothes so much it upsets her
that it isn't readily available in
places women frequently shop how do you
fix this gap between product superiority
and access to the target
market that's a really great great
question if you can answer it um I think
I have a position for you at Creator
Warehouse Inc oh I see where you go
we're having we're having trouble with
marketing we we kind of yeah I'm just
gonna be honest we kind of suck at it um
and I don't mean that as a knock against
the team it's not like I have some
silver bullet and I'm some kind of
genius and I know how to direct a
consumer Market was running the
marketing like perect yeah exactly like
we're really good at being a marketing
vehicle for our sponsors who and we're
really good at making really good stuff
yeah we're great at making content but
we actually we don't know much about the
the dark arts of of effectively using a
you know Instagram advertising budget
yeah um it's a whole other it's a whole
other field essentially genuinely yeah
yeah so sorry I wish I had more for you
hi dll given AMD and Intel's focus on
delivering powerful and efficient mobile
apus do you see discreet mobile gpus
sticking around much
longer I do um they're great but a
discreet ship is still going to be the
way for a long time I think that the
split is going to continue to widen for
for integrated in the in in low-end
gaming like low-end gaming discrete gpus
are already functionally not a thing
yeah but for people who want real
performance on the go you're going to
need a dedicated GPU for a very long
time realistically does running your
components hot home office gets hot
during the summer for work hours 9 or 10
hours a day will harm them or what's the
best solution for hot summer days in a
small
office being on at all harms your
components they wear out over time we
did a good video on techwiki on why do
computers die um and and basically you
know even though we think of them as
having no moving Parts like electrons
are mov yeah they're moving yeah there's
stuff moving like you know charges are
are are being moved around and stuff
like it's uh they so so so they wear out
in time and the hotter they run the
faster they wear just kills things yeah
and so less is better and more is worse
but I can't quantify that you because it
varies wildly from component to
component from generation to generation
if I were to try to generalize and say
oh well you know on Intel it's really
bad or on AMD it should be
fine no no you can't
generalize um you just have to kind of
keep things as cool as you can and do
your best with it
yep Alex did a really cool video a while
back where he ducted the exhaust heat
from his computer out the window and uh
vented intake a from a different part of
the window away from the exhaust heat
directly into the computer that could
help
yeah and last one I have for you today
I'm at an edtech startup as AC CSM third
anniversary this fall but no Ray since
joining the excuse tends to be startup
volatile blah blah blah in your early
days how did you retain
Talent paying them more every
year sort of that's not true sort of
sort of my don't make me go back and
find the records Ivon is right there no
that is that is functionally true but
there was times where you asked if you
could have the increase be less that's
true and
realistically I think most of if not all
of us could have made more elsewhere
like if you I think part of being a part
of a startup is understanding that at
the beginning you're not going to make
you still have to see a trajectory it
does sort of depend at the same time
like you saw a trajectory not only did I
see a trajectory for one but for
two a lot of startups aren't like what
we were like so realistically talking
about our experience is
not we started in a garage luk they
called it edte startup this is prob
education te I know I know I know but
using that terminology like they're
probably American they're probably West
Coast there's probably VC money
involved um this is different than the
scenario we had you know I mean sure but
I think it depends on where this person
started if that's the case right like
basically if you're valuable to them
there's two ways that they can express
it
money and shares that are worth money
yeah it's going to have to be it's going
to have to be one of those things and if
your value to them is growing then one
of those things has to grow um and like
you know you can you can you can promise
a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow
but that only that only holds for so
long and I think three years is a really
long time yeah like by three years in we
had had that conversation about hey
here's the budget for next year do you
want to raise or do you want us to hire
these positions we had had that a year
prior by the time we were three years in
we had that had that a few times that
was about the two year but I think the
first one was around there yeah yeah and
there were still increases they were
just smaller lots of assumptions there I
mean sort of he called himself a CSM
assuming certified scrum master I am I I
thought it was uh is there a different I
I thought it was something manager
customer service manager maybe customer
service customer success
manager customer success manager
uh computer science major is another
option think You' be a I mean at a
company as a service module I like that
I like that that's good yeah it'd be
nice to actually know what the position
is but basically I think no rais in
three years is pretty bad essentially
something's got to be going on there
yeah yeah that's definitely a
conversation and and that's I mean
that's a question too right like if
they're not able to grow the revenue or
raise more capital or do whatever it is
that they're doing what is your future
there so you're your future can't just
be at some indefinite point in the
future your future is either now or it's
the future and if it's in the future
then they should be like going good
enough that they can show you some
future if that makes sense
yeah um I don't have any tips for you
with respect to cat Ur in uh Francis but
thank you for your merch
message uh okay and then um we got one
more here I think right
Dan um no I think that's about it that
one's just a thank you oh I see an
incoming one uh I ended up buying an X1
Carbon because Dan uh sold out the p1p
within weeks with his review which was
amazing oh okay that's not unboxing all
right see you later no unboxing yes okay
yeah that's a good a
distinction and I think that's it that
is all we will see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel different
uh cooler location yeah especially for
you the laptop on your lap that is
streaming and doing all the other want
to see how wet my legs are yeah kind of
oh
no oh my goodness it like honestly kind
of looks like I PE you need to hydrate
after this oh yeah 100% oh oh God oh God
hold on okay ah we're very tangled up
here but check this out guys o wait o I
don't know if you can tell but it's like
yeah very different color
there sweaty thighs okay bye
[Music]